docs/feeding-carbon.rst, before:

Feeding In Your Data
====================
Getting your data into Graphite is very flexible. There are three main methods for sending data to Graphite: Plaintext, Pickle, and AMQP.

It's worth noting that data sent to Graphite is actually sent to the :doc:`Carbon and Carbon-Relay </carbon-daemons>`, which then manage the data. The Graphite web interface reads this data back out, either from cache or straight off disk.

Choosing the right transfer method for you is dependent on how you want to build your application or script to send data:

* For a singular script, or for test data, the plaintext protocol is the most straightforward method.

* For sending large amounts of data, you'll want to batch this data up and send it to Carbon's pickle receiver.

* Finally, Carbon can listen to a message bus, via AMQP.


The plaintext protocol
----------------------
The plaintext protocol is the most straightforward protocol supported by Carbon. 

The data sent must be in the following format: ``<metric path> <metric value> <metric timestamp>``. Carbon will then help translate this line of text into a metric that the web interface and Whisper understand.

On Unix, the ``nc`` program can be used to create a socket and send data to Carbon (by default, 'plaintext' runs on port 2003):

.. code-block:: none

 PORT=2003
 SERVER=graphite.your.org
 echo "local.random.diceroll 4 `date +%s`" | nc -q0 ${SERVER} ${PORT}

The ``-q0`` parameter instructs ``nc`` to close socket once data is sent. Without this option, some ``nc`` versions would keep the connection open.

The pickle protocol
-------------------
The pickle protocol is a much more efficient take on the plaintext protocol, and supports sending batches of metrics to Carbon in one go.

The general idea is that the pickled data forms a list of multi-level tuples:

.. code-block:: none
 
 [(path, (timestamp, value)), ...]

Once you've formed a list of sufficient size (don't go too big!), send the data over a socket to Carbon's pickle receiver (by default, port 2004). You'll need to pack your pickled data into a packet containing a simple header:

.. code-block:: python

 payload = pickle.dumps(listOfMetricTuples)
 header = struct.pack("!L", len(payload))
 message = header + payload

You would then send the ``message`` object through a network socket.


Using AMQP
----------
...

Commit message:

small documentation update concerning feeding in Data with AMQP

docs/feeding-carbon.rst, after:

Feeding In Your Data
====================
Getting your data into Graphite is very flexible. There are three main methods for sending data to Graphite: Plaintext, Pickle, and AMQP.

It's worth noting that data sent to Graphite is actually sent to the :doc:`Carbon and Carbon-Relay </carbon-daemons>`, which then manage the data. The Graphite web interface reads this data back out, either from cache or straight off disk.

Choosing the right transfer method for you is dependent on how you want to build your application or script to send data:

* For a singular script, or for test data, the plaintext protocol is the most straightforward method.

* For sending large amounts of data, you'll want to batch this data up and send it to Carbon's pickle receiver.

* Finally, Carbon can listen to a message bus, via AMQP.


The plaintext protocol
----------------------
The plaintext protocol is the most straightforward protocol supported by Carbon. 

The data sent must be in the following format: ``<metric path> <metric value> <metric timestamp>``. Carbon will then help translate this line of text into a metric that the web interface and Whisper understand.

On Unix, the ``nc`` program can be used to create a socket and send data to Carbon (by default, 'plaintext' runs on port 2003):

.. code-block:: none

 PORT=2003
 SERVER=graphite.your.org
 echo "local.random.diceroll 4 `date +%s`" | nc -q0 ${SERVER} ${PORT}

The ``-q0`` parameter instructs ``nc`` to close socket once data is sent. Without this option, some ``nc`` versions would keep the connection open.

The pickle protocol
-------------------
The pickle protocol is a much more efficient take on the plaintext protocol, and supports sending batches of metrics to Carbon in one go.

The general idea is that the pickled data forms a list of multi-level tuples:

.. code-block:: none
 
 [(path, (timestamp, value)), ...]

Once you've formed a list of sufficient size (don't go too big!), send the data over a socket to Carbon's pickle receiver (by default, port 2004). You'll need to pack your pickled data into a packet containing a simple header:

.. code-block:: python

 payload = pickle.dumps(listOfMetricTuples)
 header = struct.pack("!L", len(payload))
 message = header + payload

You would then send the ``message`` object through a network socket.


Using AMQP
----------
When AMQP_METRIC_NAME_IN_BODY is set to True in your carbon.conf file, the data should be of the same format as the plaintext protocol, e.g. echo "local.random.diceroll 4 `date +%s`".
When AMQP_METRIC_NAME_IN_BODY is set to False, you should ommit 'local.random.diceroll'.
